chore(docs): Add Advanced Concepts docs (#26)
litmuschaos/litmus-docs: website/docs/admin-mode.md

| [Pod Autoscaler](https://docs.litmuschaos.io/docs/pod-autoscaler/)                   | Pod Level               |
| [Node CPU Hog](https://docs.litmuschaos.io/docs/node-cpu-hog/)                       | Infra Level             |
| [Node Memory Hog](https://docs.litmuschaos.io/docs/node-memory-hog/)                 | Infra Level             |
| [Node IO Stress](https://docs.litmuschaos.io/docs/node-io-stress/)                   | Infra Level             |
| [Node Drain](https://docs.litmuschaos.io/docs/node-drain/)                           | Infra Level             |
| [Node Taint](https://docs.litmuschaos.io/docs/node-taint/)                           | Infra Level             |
| [Node Restart](https://docs.litmuschaos.io/docs/node-restart/)                       | Infra Level             |
| [Kubelet Service Kill](https://docs.litmuschaos.io/docs/kubelet-service-kill/)       | Infra Level             |
| [Docker Service Kill](https://docs.litmuschaos.io/docs/docker-service-kill/)         | Infra Level             |
| [EC2 instance Terminate](https://docs.litmuschaos.io/docs/ec2-terminate/)            | Infra Level             |

> | [EBS Loss](https://docs.litmuschaos.io/docs/ebs-loss/)                               | Infra Level             |

Reviewer: 1. If we can use HTML table syntax instead of markdown table syntax that will be better for all tables.
OR simply you can mention like this as well up to you.
- [EBS Loss](https://docs.litmuschaos.io/docs/ebs-loss/)  - Infra Level

2. IMO this is fine as of now but is very dynamic and we have to update it for every new experiment. So instead we can have a subsection somewhere called infra chaos and pod level chaos -- and we can provide the link for those sections only.

  litmusportal-server-5cfbfc88cc-m6c5j    2/2     Running 2         6m19s
  mongo-0                                 1/1     Running 0         6m16s
  ```

- Check the services running in litmus namespace:

  ```bash
  $ kubectl get svc -n litmus

  NAME                            TYPE        CLUSTER-IP      EXTERNAL-IP PORT(S)                       AGE
  hello-world                     ClusterIP   10.100.46.148   <none>      8080/TCP                      7m1s
  litmusportal-frontend-service   NodePort    10.100.105.154  <none>      9091:30229/TCP                7m14s
  litmusportal-server-service     NodePort    10.100.150.175  <none>      9002:30479/TCP,9003:31949/TCP 7m8s
  mongo-service                   ClusterIP   10.100.226.179  <none>      27017/TCP                     7m6s
  ```

#### Deploy sample Application Hello World under Chaos (Optional)

We can now deploy a sample hello world application under chaos (AUT) in any namespace.

```bash
kubectl apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/litmuschaos/litmus/master/litmus-portal/platforms/okteto/hello-world-AUT.yml -n <namespace>
```

Output:

```bash
deployment.apps/hello-world created
service/hello-world created
```

> #### Access the frontend service and create a project on the portal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Access the Litmus portal frontend service.
```
As we are not showing the project creation steps from UI here.

With this, you’re done with the initial setup and you’ll arrive at the Welcome page.
Here, you can check the Targets option from the side bar if it changes to Active state from Pending state or not.

Now, you can again go back to the cluster and check the pods in the target namespace (here litmus).

```bash
$ kubectl get pods -n litmus

NAME                                    READY STATUS    RESTARTS  AGE
argo-server-8497bdfd84-kk2vw            1/1   Running   0         3m28s
chaos-exporter-5fbd968db-z4n4f          1/1   Running   0         3m36s
chaos-operator-ce-c749c49cd-w8t4k       1/1   Running   0         3m36s
event-tracker-647db5959d-gshql          1/1   Running   0         3m29s
hello-world-867646c44b-f985x            1/1   Running   0         75m
hello-world-867646c44b-kqkbz            1/1   Running   0         75m
litmusportal-frontend-97c8bf86b-mx89w   1/1   Running   2         75m
litmusportal-server-5cfbfc88cc-m6c5j    2/2   Running   2         75m
mongo-0                                 1/1   Running   0         75m
subscriber-676fd59f59-xcvc2             1/1   Running   0         3m30s
workflow-controller-7dbc97dc75-7c6b9    1/1   Running   0         3m27s
```

> You’ll find that some new deployment is shown which includes litmus infra component like Chaos Operator and Chaos exporter to generate litmus metrics. Also, some new service accounts have been created to run a chaos.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You’ll find that some new deployment is shown which includes litmus infra components like ChaosOperator and monitoring component ChaosExporter to generate chaos metrics. Also, some new service accounts have been created to run chaos.
```
